two Brazilian champions face each other
by the swell title it's time to
introduce who is
then he wants to tell ltz appeared in
competitive scenario at the end of 2014 but
did not end up getting so much attention as
and stayed by the middle of the way but the end
2014 was crucial to the history of
mz
They called it an uprising with the same team.
knowing that he had a very long season
inconstant by the staff standing warm but the
result as everyone knows could not
have been better
ntv ran over the first season of
ccb where 2015 ending with 18 wins
and only two defeats but they came to
the second season again with a
change in the region
although this has greatly influenced the
style of team play
it was not long before joplin was
to adapt to the jungle environment and
mtv returned to show the same strength
of the first step
so much so that this second stage to him
suddenly a single three matches with
impressive 15 wins in 18 matches
What is very curious is that the team
It follows some of the trend pen
gravitate around the millennium ringtones is a
of the most important parts of npg and this
is reflected by their participation in
of the team and by the fact that
with practically 36% of slaughtering
team champion but football touch
was the champ champion with whom he is
completely undefeated with three
matches at each stage and no defeat
numbers 1-0 touches this
stage are quite impressive and he
gets on average 193 dcs at 20 minutes
of game
another great reference for mtv is
the top lener yang even though he has a
participation - from then on
that the rest of his team he has
ability to react in general
can make great use of your phone
postage
the fact that caught my eye
during the research was that the champion
most played on the young at cb low is a
and although this is also the
Most played champion of mayom the numbers
of yang stealing are awesome are
11 matches over two seasons
and no defeat in this second stage
he played with the champion six times
one of almost six that the
third player in whom he says that
trust enough is the abc-rn dog he
usually have very solid performances in
any champion but his civilian is
away the most used champion with the
michael in this second stage
and just as his companions have
impressive statistics with this
champion
are nine matches only one defeat a
loves absurd of 10.5 closing team
we have oxy er and oxy that certainly
it was the two players who
developed from the beginning of the second
cerol step
but just like in the previous video I go
just leave the statistics of the two to
do not stretch the video
motto to you that the final will be played
in the pet 5 against 14 and much has changed is
different pitches appear
it did not work and when it happens
in general we see all the laws also
changing your method well then that's it
guys these two teams are the
cerol finalists that this was the
second part of the special I want to know about
You, if you want a third part.
that will constitute comparing a team
with the other, I want to know who the
Your favorite to win a cd rom
choose and on the screen and sign up lets
Aik was worth until the next and Jaú